---
date: 2025-02-06T23:55
tags:
  - stub
linked-tags:
  - "[[Scyrus]]"
  - "[[Scyrus - Primordial Gods]]"
scyrus-race:
  - "[[29-01-25 1522 - Gods Overview|Scyrus - Gods]]"
cssclasses:
  - page-manila
---
# Description
The second of the Primordials. Ardirus is the god that brings order to the chaos of his brother. Through the order she brings about the mortals of the lesser gods, Elementals or lower, were able to bring magic to the mortals.  She is considered to be a god of pure good… Though her morality is questionable at times.

In terms of looks, there are few that have seen the true form of the god, some say they are the wind in the hair of travellers on the high road, the water through the fingertips of divers deep in the ocean.

---
# Relationships
Though the primordial gods are not known to have children, There have been rumours of children of the order god. Especially amongst the members of The church of Order
## Siblings
Younger sister to the god of chaos, [[07-02-25 0004 - Conlaris|Conlaris]]. This primordial god is not known to have other siblings
***
# History
<div class="ob-timelines"
	data-title="Ardirus arrives in Conlaris’ new world"
	data-description="The newly created god of Order decided that there was too much chaos to allow for living beings to be created and to thrive in the environment"
	data-classes=""
	data-color=""
	data-type=""
	data-start-date="73"
	data-end-date=""
	data-era="Primordial Age"
	data-path=""
	data-tags="">
	New Event
</div>
Shortly after the appearance of Ardirus, She found herself still in a swirl of Chaos. She decided that the only way this could be resolved is by the ordering of the chaotic energies. Using her powers, Ardirus controlled the direction of the planets in the solar system. Allowing for Scyrus to support life and ensuring that all planets are safe in orbit around their host star. 
***
# Incidents

***
# Magic
Though not a direct form of magic, Aridirus provides the most common form of magic, magic of Order. Most schools teach magic to control the chaos of nature. They bring order to it all.
***
# Famous Followers
- [[07-02-25 0007  - The Church of Order|The Church of Order]]
# Infamous Followers

