---
date: 2025-02-07T00:04
tags:
  - stub
linked-tags:
  - "[[Scyrus]]"
  - "[[Scyrus - Primordial Gods]]"
scyrus-race:
  - "[[29-01-25 1522 - Gods Overview|Scyrus - Gods]]"
cssclasses:
  - page-manila
---
# Description
The first of the Primordial gods, Conlaris was born in the chaos, born of the chaos… He absorbed it and made it his strength. He made the chaotic energies his bitch and gave them form. In his exploration and formation of the chaos, he created his sister, Ardirus.

Not many people have seen the form of the god of Chaos, after all, who could really give form to the formless? There are times that those who are touched by chaos that claim to see faces in the darkness, eyes in pictures moving to follow.

---
# Relationships
Similar to Ardirus, it is unkown if the primordial essence of Chaos has any children. The followers of the null sect have claimed to be children of Chaos.
## Siblings
[[06-02-25 2355 - Ardirus|Ardirus]] - Conlaris’ sister, born from the formless chaos.
***
# History
<div class="ob-timelines"
	data-title="Shaping Chaos"
	data-description="When Conlaris first became aware, he found that there was nothing but Chaos and storms in his home. He decided that this needed to change."
	data-classes=""
	data-color=""
	data-type=""
	data-start-date="1"
	data-end-date=""
	data-era="Primordial Age"
	data-path=""
	data-tags="">
</div>
When Conlaris first gained consciousness, he found that his local space was full of chaotic gasses that did not yield to any entertainment from the god. And so, Conlaris took it upon himself to give form to the formless gas. He formed the local solar system in which the planet of Scyrus now calls home.
***
# Incidents

---
# Magic
Though not a direct form of magic, Conlaris allows people to break through the teachings and the basic forms of magic… Harnessing the raw power of Chaos in order to break through the realm that you know of.

---
# Famous Followers
- [[07-02-25 0016 - The Null Sect|The Null Sect]]
# Infamous Followers

