---
date: 2024-11-07T18:11
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily Thursday
---
---
# DAILY NOTE
Thursday, November 7th, 2024
***
### Journal
#### 18:00
ヨルマン broke down on the motorway, not too long after getting on it. That makes three times this year. God fucking dammit this is not how I wanted to spend the last two months I had with iKnowledge… right fucking shame it is.

#### 21:00
At the garage, writing something in the journal just to have something to do.
Right pisser to end up with the car breaking down on the journey home. The Inver has just closed and so I am left all by my lonesome self

Obsidian is still refusing to use the font I have chosen as the method to display the text in my notes… I am unsure as to why, I have made an effort to ensure that the correct font is installed on the system though this does not seem to phase it…

What the fuck will I do with you ヨルマン,,, You have done naught but give me grief in the recent year
This makes the third time it has broken down on my journey to or from work
Though this is the first time it broke down on the journey home
So i guess that is something new

I guess I can use this time to work on some Japanese writing or maybe on some info about the [[25-10-2024 1414 Tokyo Trip Details|trip to Japan]]. maybe some research into the different things I want to do when I get there.

#### 21:36
Turns out the reason that the font didn’t work in Obsidian was because of the CSS style snippet for the daily themes, nothing else. That called out specific fonts, and the fonts it called out were not included in the fonts I had installed.
***
### Tasks
- [x] Anki
- [ ] Space Platform Design for a V2
