---
date: 2025-02-13T13:52
tags:
  - stub
linked-tags:
  - "[[Scyrus]]"
  - "[[07-02-25 0053 - Races Overview|Scyrus - Races]]"
cssclasses:
  - page-manila
---
# Description
Tieflings are half demon children living on the mortal plane. One of their parents is a true-blooded demon, The other is one of the mortal “pure races.” The union of these two races results in a tiefling bearing a resemblance to the parents. having features of the pure race while bearing a skin colour tainted by the demon parent, horns and although not usual, some Tieflings have grown tails and hoof like feet.

Tieflings mature at a rate similar to humans, regardless of their “mortal” race. This is as a result of the demon blood in their veins. As a tiefling grows older they exhibit more of their demonic parent’s traits. Due to this it is believed that many tieflings die before reaching 40 years old. This belief is supported by two facts;
- That demon blood grows in strength over the life time of a Tiefling and the Tiefling can choose to “give in” to their Demon blood turning fully into a demon. (something that would occur naturally given enough time)
- Tieflings are often caught in battle with other tieflings born to a different demon, this can be especially true between demons of a similar power that are fighting for a spot on the hierarchy.
***
# Relationships
Due to the nature of a Tieflings birth, when a tiefling is born into a married couple it would be referred to as a bastard, since it indicates that either parent was unfaithful or one was forced to create the Tiefling. In the case of a demonic mother, there have been stories of Female demons disguising themselves as concubines to royalty or high ranking officials. so that their Tiefling child would be born into power.

Tieflings are typically seen with suspicion as a new tiefling arriving in a city could indicate in incoming attack either from demons or the other faction.
***
# History

***
# Incidents

***
# Famous Tiefling
- [[22-02-25 1857 - Zerxire Sol-Abarrus|Zerxire Sol-Abarrus]]
# Infamous Tiefling

