---
date: 2025-02-13T13:52
tags:
  - stub
linked-tags:
  - "[[Scyrus]]"
  - "[[07-02-25 0053 - Races Overview|Scyrus - Races]]"
cssclasses:
  - page-manila
---
# Description
A race of bipedal dragonoids, this race is born from eggs normally laid by the female Dragonians. The origins of this race are uncertain, due to their unique trait of becoming full-blooded dragons as they age, some believe that their origin is an adaptation of the standard dragon. Allowing Dragons to easier learn from the cultures in the world. None are certain if this is the true origin.

Dragonians are known to be a very physically strong. They sport scales that represent the power of their breath. There are tribes of Dragonians who share similar traits. Those traits are emblamatic of the ancestor dragon of the tribe. This can be Dragonians adapted to swimming in the oceans. Dragonians that have adapted to flying high in the sky, and Dragonians that are capable of delving through the earth.

Dragons by their scale-types:
- Red / Gold - Pyro
	- Fire Dragon Descendants
	- Keen Pyromancers.
- Deep Blue - Aqua
	- Water Dragon Descendants
	- Advanced Healers
	- Contains gills
	- Wings suited to swimming
	- Retractable webbing on feet and hands
- Purple - Lightning
	- Lighting Dragon Descendants
	- Features are known to be sharp
- Green / Copper - Poison
	- Poison Dragon Descendants
	- Their wings show damage from various acidic substances. Causing disadvantages in flight.
- Sky Blue - Air
	- Air Dragon Descendants
	- Slim bodies
	- Stronger and larger wings
	- Incredibly fast flight
- Brown - Earth
	- Earth Dragon Descendants
	- Some do not feature wings. Those that do their wings are adapted for “flight” underground
- Black - Shadow
	- Shadow Dragon Descendants
	- Capable of quick transportation through shadows they can see.
- White / Silver - Cryo
	- Ice Dragon Descendants
	- Wears cooling clothes that are cools them down when in warm environments.
- Metallic Coats
	- Rare mutations of the other scale colours, they keep their elemental breath
	- Hunted for their metallic scales as they are believed to be valuable.
- Scale-less
	- Their origins are unknown, they have been spotted in some cities. Some of the scale-less are born that way, though it is believed that some have had their scales forcibly removed.
***
# Relationships

***
# History

***
# Incidents

***
# Famous Dragonian
# Infamous Dragonian

