---
date: 2025-02-01T00:56
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily 
  - Saturday
---
---
# DAILY NOTE
Saturday, February 1st, 2025
***
### Journal
#### 00:57 → 01:07
Currently in the skies above Turkey. Flight has not been the most pleasant experience, though that can hardly be blamed on Emirates. The blame lies mostly on my own fat ass and the asshole of a passenger I ended up sitting behind.

Pros:
- The seats are comfy
- Staff are very friendly
- Food was very tasty
- The experience with the starry sky is very nice.
Cons:
- If the passenger in front of you does not respect personal space, you will feel very cramped.
- although comfortable, the chair does not have great back support. Though that is partially due to my back being fucked currently
- Space for the seat has resulted in me being shoulder to shoulder with another passenger. Though she doesn't seem to mind and hasn't made a comment about it.
	- having shoulders like a rugby player also count into this point as I am built like a barrel.

On another note, I managed to force my in flight entertainment system to reboot, leading to the realisation it is a Linux based system. Which is fair and expected.

I will sign off here for now, still around 3 hours of flight time left… even though I am currently not super comfortable sleep may be possible…

## further times are in Dubai Time
#### 13:00 
Family starting to wake up back at home. Getting messages or reactions from my safe landing message. Which they would have received at 4 am. I am going to lay down for a few minutes now to see how well that goes.

Oh but before I forget. Dirham and fils… dirham is the dollar equivalent, fils is the cent equivalent. I received 9 Dh and 50 fils in coins… coins do not use Arabic numerals… making identification more difficult.
***
### Tasks
- [ ] Anki
- [x] Duolingo
- [ ] Wanikani
