---
date: 2025-02-03T15:59
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily 
  - Monday
---
---
# DAILY NOTE
Monday, February 3rd, 2025
***
### Journal
#### Day post mortem - written on Feb 4th
Today, took the metro over to Dubai Mall and the Burjj Khalifa, arguably one of the most famous locations in the United Arab Emirates. I ended up walking into the Dubai Mall before booking a trip up the Sky View Observatory, where I was able to get a higher view of the surrounding city. This allowed me to get a really good perspective. In this location there was a glass floor you could walk on. I stepped on to it and immediately felt my stomach do a flip. It was not for me.

Further returning to the Dubai Mall I decided to visit the Aquarium, this could have resulted in me getting fleeced by the staff. I told the lady at the desk that I would just do a walk through, but she gave me one of the more expensive tickets… an “Ultimate pass”. At the time I was thinking “What did I just buy?” after walking through the first water tunnel, I was disappointed in how much was charged. later after travelling up two escalators, we reached the next portion of the aquarium. Due to the Ultimate Pass, I was allowed to go on a glass bottomed boat around the top of their massive aquarium tank. We got to learn about some of the fish in the tank and also about how they are trying to do some conservation up there. We were also informed as “Ultimate pass” holders we were entitled to feed some of the fish later on. (Love that I just typed fish as feesh… for fuck sake) However, before this happened there were more smaller aquariums for specific species of fish, including dragon turtles, leatherbacks and other fish. there was also a penguin exhibit just before going down to feed the fish. They were very **VERY** excited to get fed, splashing all over the place. The rest of the aquarium can be reviewed through the photos taken on the day.

I finished this trip by going to see the Fountain show outside the Burj, I happened to time this very well as after 6pm the fountain show is every 30 mins.

I think this neatly covers the events of the 3rd.
***
### Tasks
- [ ] Empty Task
