---
date: 2025-02-04T18:35
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily 
  - Tuesday
---
---
# DAILY NOTE
Tuesday, February 4th, 2025
***
### Journal
#### 18:35
One thing I have noticed after the few days in Dubai. Especially now that I sit at a restaurant overlooking the marina. Dubai is a city where everyone is always on the move. There are very, and I do mean very few instances of people sitting still or taking in the sights. This is something very interesting from my perspective as it shows that for some the world doesn't stop moving.

As today is the final day here I am trying to take my time and enjoy it. It is a much slower day, and filled with a decent helping of food… too much food. Damn it.

#### 20:10
I have returned to the Rove Marina for the last time on this trip. I will be leaving for the airport after the clock strikes the next hour. This should allow for plenty of time to travel to DMCC (the local metro station for my part of the Marina). and for the Metro to travel back to the airport. I can only hope that I manage to get a seat on the journey back, this will allow me some much needed comfort after many days of being on my feet for the majority of the day. Due to this being rather uncommon for my body, I am not used to it.

Due to the amount of walking performed I have skewed my previous 7-day average. With 11k on Sunday (2nd) and 22k on Monday (3rd) and lastly another 11k today (though I had a lot of high calorie foods to work off today…) Even though my feet are sore I believe that most of my body’s complaints for the day is my shoulders and the pain from carrying my backpack all the way around the marina today.

I close out this current entry in the journal by stating that I am unsure how often I will write here when I get to Japan. Due to the nature of being in a more public space than a hotel I will lose some of the freedoms I have been accustomed to and be required to adapt to the hostel environ.

From tomorrow all entries will be done using JP time (UTC+9 hours) after that, it is a question right? Now the time has been set accordingly for UAE. this will persist until landed in Tokyo.
***
### Tasks
- [ ] Empty Task
