---
date: 2025-02-11T11:35
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily 
  - Tuesday
---
---
# DAILY NOTE
Tuesday, February 11th, 2025
***
### Journal
#### Postmortem
No note was written on this day as the day was long and actually quite fun. It was spent mostly with Lana (18F German) as we wandered about the Imperial Garden, Hie Shrine and finally Tokyo Tower. After which we met with Julia (24F, Aussie) to go and see TeamLabs Borderless.

The TeamLabs Borderless experience was worth the price of admission, we spent almost tow hours just chilling out and enjoy the atmosphere it created. We got a chance to see all but one of the exhibits, as it was under maintenance.

The night on this day took an interesting turn, becoming a drinking night, we all sat around the table in the lobby, some of us enjoying strong zero and the rest enjoying the company, Myself and Julia got closer, though now I don’t know if that was just the Alcohol for her, as she had drank quite a lot at that point - And as of the night of the 13th, a whole 40 hours after she got her flight home, I still have not heard from her… So I probably fucked that up.

The Night, However, Ended in a fear inducing episode from a different guest, Kevin (24M, American). He had too much to drink and let the jokes get to his head, claiming that he had the ability to kill or seriously maim myself and many other guests. Shige (2XM, Japanese, Staff at the hostel) was watching the interaction on the cameras. During his rant/complaining I tapped Julia’s arm telling her she should leave it to me. She managed to get out with tears in her eyes as she got in the elevator. I feel a little bad with how I handled it after Kevin left. Maybe it was the Alcohol hitting me too, Making me say some stupid shit.
***
### Tasks
- [ ] Empty Task
