---
date: 2025-02-28T05:57
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily 
  - Friday
---
---
# DAILY NOTE
Friday, February 28th, 2025
***
### Journal
#### 5:57
Can't fucking sleep because shit keeps running through my head. Liza(Russian, 23F) a beautiful and intelligent software engineer was someone I for some dumbass fucking reason thought that maybe I could get… and it really was some dumbass reason. She would normally be way outside my league but somehow I got the courage to talk to her…

I mean maybe I had a chance, maybe I said something, did something, didn't do something… I don't fucking know what it could be, all I know is that she isn't interested. I don't think she will even want to spend time with me anymore, why continue to hang out with a guy that didn't see the signals that you weren't interested? 

Guess my brain was thinking “God damn… she could be some one amazing to get to know…” and in that respect she is. But I also feel like because I never really dated any one in person, my ability to read people is shit. Hell there we probably signs at the Asahi building earlier… and I just barreled through them thinking of maybe not thinking of what it meant. 

I think that all of this is too much for my mind to take and means that I will not be sleeping tonight as I get to unravel where the fuck this went wrong… but it's hard to tell because I have examples and I don't know if they are correct. if they are what it was. Like was this something where I actually had a fucking chance and I blew it?

#### 16:38
Well finally decided to go to Edo-yu in {両国|りょう|ごく} It took getting rejected by a beautiful woman for me to want to get out of the hostel that badly and go do something for several hours. There is a massage spot here and food, so I may end up going to get food in the next 30 minutes or so.

Before she left this morning she did come over and talk with me, though it was very minor, at least she doesn’t seem disgusted with me? or with how I was trying to put my arm around her yesterday? Hell maybe I still have a chance and this was just too quick for her. It’s too tough to tell

She is only here for another three days. And tonight she is going to Womb in {渋谷|しびゃ} for some concert, I can only hope it all goes well and that if she is drinking to not go overboard unless someone she knows is there and can help her get back safely. I know she basically told me she wasn’t interested last night but fuck me for caring about someone I got to know right?

I feel like here with how quickly time can fly by (I got to this building at 1pm… I spent like an hour in the baths the first time - But I will discuss that shortly) It would be strange for her to look for something beyond her holiday here. Especially since I know she doesn’t have an interest in going to Europe anytime soon, nor going to somewhere where the clouds are overcast and dreary. She had mentioned places I would think somewhat dangerous to go travelling to, even for myself. Such as Cape Town. Though her reasoning for wanting to go was very cute… Wanting to go see the penguins.

Maybe, and I really do mean maybe… I still have an inkling of a chance. She responded to a random message I decided to send, not just with messages of her own, but also hearting the message I sent her. Now no point thinking too deeply on this because let’s face it. That don’t really mean shit!

##### Edo-yu {両国|りょう|ごく}
It is a {線十|せん|とお}. Otherwise known as a public bath. I kinda jumped in the deep end by coming here (as I am still in the building at the time of writing). The weather is warm today, but by god some of the spaces here are even warmer and sweatier than that! - I have made use of the baths, the stone beds, and am currently making use of the work space. I feel that this is a place I would end up recommending to people, at least those who are interested in public baths and so on. Because it feels very relaxed about the whole thing. I can’t speak for the women’s bath because I didn’t have anyone to bring with me, Hell even if things did go better with Liza last night, she probably wouldn’t have joined me here

One point of caution about coming here. Pretty much every single sign is in Japanese with very little english text to be seen. and with phones not being allowed in both the bathing areas and lockers, some of those signs may not be understood… Such as when I walked into the Finnish Sauna… Boy was that a rough experience, I think I only managed to stay in for about 20 seconds? Alright, I think I have chilled in the work room for enough time, at least for the moment. I am going to get some food, then maybe we will be back here again soon… I also need to wash my hair out because whatever the fuck I put in it is very sticky and was probably not the play!

***
### Tasks
- [ ] Empty Task
