---
date: 2025-06-30T02:40
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily 
  - Monday
---
---
# DAILY NOTE
Monday, June 30th, 2025
***
### Journal
#### 02:40
Ho boi… It has been a long time since a Journal like this has been written. How are you? Been well? good.
I mean shit, where do I start? I am currently sitting at my PC at 2AM the day before I go back to work. Trying to figure out if I should go to sleep or not. I just spent the last 40 minutes doing my WaniKani review.

Alright…

Let’s talk something a bit more on the important side.. The world at the moment is really fucked. Shit is going haywire all over the place. Fighting is still happening in Ukraine, fighting is getting more intense in Gaza / Palestine. Iraq is piping up. India and China are at odds. I worry that war may break out soon… And fuck me that is a concern. A major fucking concern.

What I think the real issue is around the place, is extremist… Extremists everywhere are causing problems. And because the problems they cause are of a violent nature. There are few who actually want to talk back to them. People are being turned into extremists because they have been locking things in, and trying to only listen to things that support their world view. The amount of people that are LGBT I have seen supporting Hamas - Is fucking insane.
If they lived under Hamas’ rule they would be dead because of Sharia law.

I am against violence, It is difficult to be that way in a current world. But it’s how I am. I am kind and loving, I find it difficult to be aggressive and violent. but shit, sometimes it’s necessary.

***
### Tasks
- [ ] Empty Task
