---
date: 2025-01-29T16:18
tags:
  - stub
linked-tags:
  - "[[Scyrus]]"
  - "[[Scyrus - Elementals]]"
scyrus-race:
  - "[[29-01-25 1522 - Gods Overview|Scyrus - Gods]]"
cssclasses:
  - page-manila
---
# Description
A being of pure flame, Pyrona takes the appearance of a tall shapely woman with a bright orange skin. Typically she is enrobed in a firey red dress and her head is adorned with a red flame. When taking on a more mortal form, the goddess of fire prefers to appear as a woman of dark skin, with dark red hair. She wears a floor length red dress to mimic her dress of flames.

## Alternate forms
if the destination is not graced by the light of the Eternal flame, Pyrona will assume the form of a phoenix and travel by air to the location.
## Alternative Travel Methods
One method of travel requires prior travel or the assistance of members of [[29-01-25 1622 - The Hearth Flame|the Hearth]]. If a part of Pyrona’s eternal flame is ensconced, she can travel to it.

---
# Relationships

## Godly Children
Pyrona is known to have had relations with two other elemental gods resulting in two fused elements;
- [[29-01-25 1628 - Thrandeer|Thrandeer, God of Lightning]]
- [[29-01-25 1630 - Magnomin|Magnomin, God of Magma]]
## Demi-gods
Though little is known of the practice and little is known of the children that survived their early childhood. Pyrona was the pioneer of the demi-god process. Fathers of these children don’t know what happened to Pyrona or the child after conception. The children, sometimes given into the care of [[29-01-25 1622 - The Hearth Flame|The Hearth Flame]], would be raised to be the “Godly Messenger” allowing the acolytes a method of contact with Pyrona.

Enemies of the order and those who despised Pyrona would often attack when a child with a strong connection to the flame was found. These demi-god children were known to have cracked, dark skin with a layer roaring flames under which the muscles can be seen. Some have their fingertips glowing red like embers.

Any of the Demi-god children that live to maturity are powerful fire users, and properly trained can be very difficult to kill, Thus resulting in their Demi-god status. Their lifespan is much longer than the race that Pyrona mated with.

---
# History
<div class="ob-timelines"
	data-title="Birth of the Fire that burns in us all"
	data-description="Pyrona, the god of flames erupts from the vicious and ferocious world."
	data-classes=""
	data-color=""
	data-type=""
	data-start-date="102"
	data-end-date=""
	data-era="Elemental Era"
	data-path=""
	data-tags="">
	New Event
</div>

---
# Incidents


---
# Magic
Purveyor of Fire magic, Pyrona is the heart of flames, she is the eternal fire that burns in the mana heart of all pyromancers. Her fire breathes life through their veins, it keeps them warm on the icy cold nights.

The form of the fire magic that is used when under the influence and teachings of the schools are tame controlled demonstrations of the raw damage that fire can inflict. It provides the ability to burn inanimate objects, whether on the floor or currently being worn by an enemy. Flames can be snuffed out, fire can be used to provide thrust allowing for a very rough and rudimentary form of flight.

Enchanters of fire magic are known to be quite skilled at the finer details of their craft ensuring that the flames from their enchantments stand out. Whether it is a particular element to add some colour to the flames or a shape of an animal. Most Fire enchantments are done with the intent of burning or starting fires, though other purposes have been devised.

---
# Famous Followers
- [[29-01-25 1622 - The Hearth Flame|The Hearth Flame]]
# Infamous Followers