---
date: 2025-01-29T16:28
tags:
  - stub
linked-tags:
  - "[[Scyrus]]"
  - "[[Scyrus - Elementals]]"
scyrus-race:
  - "[[29-01-25 1522 - Gods Overview|Scyrus - Gods]]"
cssclasses:
  - page-manila
---
# Description
Thrandeer typically takes the form of a petit woman, her skin appears pale with rippling purple and blue in her veins and arteries. in a similar vein, her hair appears a deep blue with occasional shimmers of purple. Her eyes are a bright piercing blue.
## Alternate forms
Thrandeer is known to prefer animal forms when nearing any settlement. the choice of animal is dependent on the location of the settlement.
- Further north she takes the form of a large graceful deer, whose antlers are reminiscent of the lightning she commands. The deer skin is a deep purple with blues in the mane.
- In more desert climates she will take the form of a large predatory cat, maintaining her pale blue and purple colours.

When planning to transport long distances, she can turn into pure lightning and travel the clouds. If ever she needed to travel and no clouds were available, a falcon is here chosen form. Due to the uproar of thunder with this travel method it will announce to all nearby that Thrandeer has arrived. When Thrandeer wants to travel quietly, she prefers a land route.

---
# Relationships
## Siblings
As a child of Pyrona, Thrandeer has a sibling in [[29-01-25 1630 - Magnomin|Magnomin]].

---
# History
<div class="ob-timelines"
	data-title="Birth of Thrandeer"
	data-description="Youngest of the Elementals, Thrandeer is bron towards the end of the Elemental Era"
	data-classes=""
	data-color=""
	data-type=""
	data-start-date="972"
	data-end-date=""
	data-era="Elemental Era"
	data-path=""
	data-tags="">
	New Event
</div>

---
# Incidents

---
# Magic
The power of Lightning, if it was to be related to the “Parents” then the fire of her mother is used to bring the air of her father into focus, increasing the temperature and achieving the fourth stage of matter… Plasma.

But if we were to look at the power for Thrandeer as a stand alone power, then she allows her followers, to control the power of lightning, to call down a raucous bout of thunder and quickly fry small enemies. With the speed of Lightning some have even managed a method of teleportation. Some have managed to control Plasma to the extent of creating swords of light… Whatever use that may have.

One inventor, Inalok Astle, thought that there was another use for the Lightning that can be created through Fulgamancy. Through using the Krystal of old branches as a source, Inalok managed to contain the lightning for other uses. After many experiments, Inalok began to catch Thrandeer’s attention, so intrigued by his utilisation of Fulgamancy was she that she gave him suggestions and used her own vast resource to speed up the research. More details on Inalok and his research can be found on his own information page.

---
# Famous Followers
- [[13-02-25 1107 - Inalok Astle|Inalok Astle]]
# Infamous Followers

