---
date: 2025-03-31T18:30
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily 
  - Monday
---
---
# DAILY NOTE
Monday, March 31st, 2025
***
### Journal
#### 18:31
Whoa boy…I ended up spending most of March in Kyoto and Osaka. To be fair this was something I had considered as a possibility. But I also kind of didn’t expect to stick around as long as I did. I am planning a trip to Kobe tomorrow, then maybe a trip to Himeji the day after that. Though If i don’t do the Himeji trip then I will stay for 2 nights in Himeji and travel to Hiroshima.

The fact that this trip has been very unplanned has been nice, I have a deadline in knowing that I will be back in Tokyo on at the latest on the 14th of April. Maybe I end up going back there earlier than planned and book a business hotel for some デリベリ… Maybe, I mean I am planning to go to a ソープ but that is also an alternative.

But when it comes to my current thoughts on everything. I can’t believe I have actually been here for almost 2 months. I feel at home here, the only thing I am really missing is my PC and the 3D printer, Especially since I have some more ideas that I want to 3D print. I could definitely see myself living in Japan, as long as I get better at the language.

Things that I need to do when I get back home is start getting into VRChat language groups so that I could get more experience in speaking Japanese and putting sentences together in my head and putting them to sound. It’s definitely the one thing that is holding me back here. Hell I went to get a new suitcase yesterday and I had a very kind woman explaining things to me about the suitcase and I was trying my best to understand her. むずかしいね

One thing I am definitely enjoying here especially since I started to use the Apartment style hotels is the private bathing room. I never thought I would enjoy having a bath 草!. But showering to clean oneself off and then chilling in a bath is a very rewarding experience.
***
### Tasks
- [ ] 
