---
date: 2024-12-09T14:41
tags:
  - Complete
linked-tags:
  - "[[Japanese]]"
---
# What is the て-form?

> [!info] Definition
> The て-form links actions, events and states. The relationship between linked words can be different depending on the context
>  \- Tofugu[^1].
## Verb Rules
When it comes to the て-form, it can connect verbs together to create a run on sentence. This includes a sentence such as
- EN: “I woke up and went to the bathroom”
- JP: “ {起|お}きてトイレに行った”
There are rules on how the て-form behaves with the different verb types.

---
### {一段|いち|だん} | Ichidan
As with the verb conjugation we drop the final character: る. And we just add the て character

| Root | て-form |
| ---- | ------ |
| 食べる  | 食べて    |
| 起きる  | 起きて    |
| 閉じる  | 閉じて    |
This makes the Ichidan verbs the easiest to sort out. However, Ichidan verbs are not the whole story.

---
### {五段|ご|だん} | Godan
There are specific rules when it comes to the Godan verbs, the specifics is related to which final character the verb stem ends in.


#### う, つ or る Endings
When a verb ends in one of the above characters we remove that character and replace it with: 
> [!info] て-form Ending
> って


#### ぬ, ぶ or む Endings
When a verb ends in one of the above characters we remove that character and replace it with
> [!info] て-form Ending
> んで

#### す Ending
When a verb ends in the す character, the character is replaced with:
> [!info] て-form Ending
> して

#### く Ending
When a verb ends in the く character, the character is replaced with:
> [!info] て-form Ending
> いて

#### ぐ Ending
When a verb ends in the ぐ character, the character is replaced with:
> [!info] て-form Ending
> いで

---
### {不規則動詞|ふ|き|そく|どう|し} | Irregular verbs
As there are a small number of irregular verbs I will just add the conjugations here:

| Verb    | て-form  |
| ------- | ------- |
| 行く      | 行って     |
| {来\|く}る | {来\|き}て |
| する      | して      |
Now, you may look at the above table and think: “There is an imposter!” But, when it comes to the て-form, 行く the verb for “to go” becomes irregular. It does not follow the typical pattern for it's {五段|ご|だん} origins.


- - -
[^1]: [[Tofugu]] te-form article